# Trivia Console APP

:jigsaw: As my first Python project, I have chosen to create a **Trivia** console app using **Trivia API**. I was going on a short trip with my friends, and I thought it would be fun to play it while we were away.

:grey_question: This game generates questions of varied difficulty for the user from the the Trivia API database. Amount of questions and category can be changed. 
Once the round is complete, the app writes the questions, user answers and correct answers into a text file, which also contains the score for the game and total number of questions.

:building_construction: To build the app, first I set up a **categories.py** file that contains a request to the API, the response is then written into a readable **categories.json** file with categories available.
  Secondly, I created a **trivia.py** file that contains a url generated by the API with category and number of questions required. The response is written into a **trivia.json** file to display what the result looks like - API presents data in the form of dictionary.
  Then, I built a function to request questions from the API in the **main.py** file, the response is then filtered to remove boolean type questions for simplicity. This file contains the console application code for the trivia game, and game result is written into a **scores.txt** file, which the app creates at the end of the game.  
  
:key: Trivia API is free, doesn't require registration or keys, so you can you use the app rightaway. You will need to install the requests library (console: `pip install requests`) and import the following python modules: html, random, json, pprint (`import html`, etc.)
